1.Good morning Asanka How are you?

	Im Fine thank you

So Asanka let me introduce myself about our company and this role you applied
I am Aloki . HR manager at Apple Inc. Our company is IT company started at 2015. 
I am proud to that we have won best AI solution  award 4 times.
we are looking for Data Engineer who is good at machine Learning and AI.

2. Could you tell me about yourself and describe your background in brief?

	I am from a kegalle and 23 years old, 
	I started Degree programme in SLIIT. That’s where I learned to code and then 
	in there i completed higher national deploma as software developer.currntly 
	I am following specilation in Data Scince. After I got my first job as a intern Big Data Developer at DMS 
	I continued to invest time in learning data engineering and machinle learning things

3. How did you hear about this position?

	I learned about the position through LinkedIn as I’ve been following your company’s page for a while now. 
	I’m really passionate about the work you’re doing in Machine Learning, Data Engineering, and AWS platform,, so I was excited to apply. 
	The required skills match well with the skills I have, and it seems like a great opportunity for me to contribute to your mission, 
	as well as a great next move for my career.

4. What type of work environment do you prefer?

	I like fast-paced work environments because they make me feel like I’m always learning and growing, 
	but I really thrive when I’m collaborating with team members and helping people reach a collective 
	goal as opposed to competing. My last internship was at an organization with a similar culture, and I really enjoyed that balance.


5.How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?

	I realize stressful situation are always going to come 
	For every situtation I create a plan by myself and I try to follow my plan so it easy to skip stressfull parts easily


6. When you’re balancing multiple projects, how do you keep yourself organized?

	I’m used to juggling projects at my current job where I’m often moving between coding one software program to another. 
	I use the timeboxing technique to make sure they’re all on track, allocating time on my calendar for certain tasks. it is rally helpfull
	
		
7. What are your salary expectations?

	Based on my skills and experience and on the current industry rates, 
	I’m looking at a salary around 75000

8. Are you applying for other jobs?

	I’ve applied to a couple of other firms, but this role is really the one I’m most excited about right now because of the AI and ML things

9. so asanka i m done from my side got the all informations.Dou Have Question?

	Yes.Do you help us to get certified in some platforms

10 Yes.we have seperate programmes for that

Thank you for the participation have a nice day
